# M-BSRM
Quality of Service, as an important criterion for evaluating service performance, is a key indicator for a user to select a Web service. In the complicated and changeable network environment, QoS has great uncertainty, and monitoring QoS in real time is the most effective method to detect whether the Web service is invalid. Existing monitoring methods still have many deficiencies in dynamic real-time monitoring and do not fully consider multiple QoS attributes. Therefore, this paper proposes a time-aware dynamic weighted Web service QoS monitoring model and proposes a multivariate QoS online monitoring model. The main research contents and results are as follows:

Considering the impact of dynamic real-time changing environmental factors on monitoring, a dynamic weighted Web service QoS online monitoring approach called IgS-wBSRM (Information gain and sliding window based weighted naïve Bayesian Runtime Monitoring) is proposed. The method converts the problem of determining the monitoring results into the problem of classification of dynamic sample sets.The term frequency-inverse document frequency algorithm is used to quantify the weights of the environmental factors, and the weights are updated dynamically by the values of information gain of the real-time incoming sample data units. At the same time, the accuracy of the time efficiency of the samples is taken into consideration. Historical cumulative samples will have an impact on the assessments of recent service quality, using a sliding window mechanism to eliminate this effect. The IgS-wBSRM was compared with the other two methods on a simulated data set and an open source data set. The experimental results show that IgS-wBSRM outperforms the other two methods in terms of monitoring stability and accuracy.

To fully consider multiple QoS attributes, a multivariate QoS online monitoring approach called M-BSRM (Multivariable Bayesian continuous runtime monitoring) is established on the basis of IgS-wBSRM. The method uses the point mutual information algorithm to initialize the weights of environmental factors, and corrects the problem of uneven distribution between classes brought by the traditional TF-IDF algorithm. On the basis of checking the threshold of each QoS attribute individually, information fusion is performed on each QoS attribute value to comprehensively evaluate the service quality according to the user's preference values for different QoS attributes. M-BSRM is compared with the other two methods. The results show that M-BSRM is superior to the other two methods in accuracy, comprehensiveness and stability of monitoring.

In order to provide users with a good monitoring platform, a Web service QoS online monitoring tool was designed and implemented.The user can monitor in real time by importing QoS data online and inputting related parameters required for monitoring.
